| [home page](https://tae-c.github.io/tae-datavis/) | [visualizing debt](visualizing-debt) | [critique by design](critique-by-design) | [final project I](final-project-I) | [final project II](final-project-II) | [final project III](final-project-III) |

Alas, the mini is over and the [final presentation] has been delivered!

Since part 2 of the project, I've revised a few main things. In the previous part, I concluded the narrative with the call to action connecting high-quality social relationships and burnouts. I've referenced Fernet's study regarding the benefits of having social relationships in the workplace. However, for the scope of this project and with feedback I've heard from previous in-class group discussions, the call to action was not so clear. For part 3, I've changed the call to action to be a more generic guideline for individuals and organizations on what they can do to combat workplace burnout. I did not want to limit the call to action to just one singular item (high-quality relationships). Other than that, I've kept most of the same narrative since part 2 for creating the final version. I've developed the artworks using Adobe Illustrator to achieve a more infographics storytelling look since they could not be done through Flourish or Tableau with my skill level. 

A general thought about my project. I feel that I've been unclear and "wishy washy" with my topic since the start. Workplace burnout and employee stress were things that do not have clear data, and I mainly had to resort to looking for survey results and more qualitative data rather than quantitative. I think that added to the unclarity of my project in the beginning weeks. Building a narrative on these were not so easy either for me, as I felt like I was swimming through ambiguity most of this time. If I were to do this project over again, I think I would want to pursue a topic with a more quantifiable datasets. Maybe next time :)

[final presentation]: <https://carnegiemellon.shorthandstories.com/burnouts/>
